the men's star is shining bright so make
a wish and hold on tight there's magic
in the air to anything we have a very
rich history of a lot of our films
containing princesses and I'm very
privileged to be the supervising
animator of our latest princess Princess
Tiana we've got a superstar team of like
the best animators in the world so for
example Mark Hanna is animating Tiana
for us and he worked on Ariel in Little
Mermaid and fell and he supervised
Jasmine for us I'm glad lon and he just
brought wonderful characters completely
to life believably expressively I don't
know I guess I've just carry a soft spot
for princesses in my heart a lot of
times in fairytales the leading
character is a little more reactive
things happen to them
and they just kind of but with Tiana and
some of our other leading ladies they
were more proactive in the decisions
that they make propel the story forward
and I think Tiana is another classic
example of that she's a very strong
character definitely has direction and a
drive she's not gonna let anything stand
in her way
daddy always said dream big our voice
for Tiana is anika Noni Rose the girl
you may have seen in dream girls she
brings a lot of warmth a lot of humor
she's so excited about doing this she
pulled me aside and says could she could
she'd be left-handed because I'm
left-handed
and I said yes we can make her
left-handed so I'm gonna you know I'm
right-handed so it's gonna be a bit of a
challenge between the two of them I
think they've synthesized and created a
heroine that's really unique and
powerful fun engaging and unlike any of
the others that we've done before I've
been fortunate to be cast doing our
leading ladies so I
kind of my my lot in life here at the
studio so I'm happy to be doing that
again
[Music]
you